Machine learning for various agriculture parameters prediction and deploy using android app 

The Main work:
Anna-Data is not just another android app. It’s an efficient actionable advisor to a farmer. In other
words, Anna-Data predicts the weather with high enough accuracy according to the current gps location
and publically available historical weather data using Machine Learning algorithms and the information
is parsed and displayed in the app in real-time. Also, Anna-Data conveys the acquired information in
layman’s terms and not confuse a farmer with complex stats. Now, not only the information is
sufficiently comprehensive but it also helps a farmer to take necessary steps according to it. In long term
this will prove beneficial to a farmer to avoid losses and increase productivity.
However, it is to be noted that this app is still in prototype phase and hence the backend database is not
currently active. So, Python Sockets has been used to host the data and this could work with both wired
and wireless connections.
Salient Features:-
Your PERSONAL advisor:
Anna-Data also stores the personal data regarding a farmer which helps in proving extremely
personalised information/advice for a particular person.
Minimum requirements:
The data is also archived and flushed to reduce the storage use and the app is so designed that it uses
minimum resources and can be run on cheaper smart-phones too.

Global Utility:
This app is not specific to a particular geographic location, it can be used anywhere around the globe
and the information/advice will be as comprehensive and accurate as it is.
Additional things added for current phase:
A video information resource from All India Radio (Aakashwani) is added.
A link to Ministry of Agriculture of India is also added to let an Indian farmer know more about the
schemes and funds implemented by the Government of India.

Additional Features that could be added in future:
A local language translation can be added to the current phase to make the app more informative and
easy to understand. Also, a text-to-speech engine can be integrated to narrate out the advice to the
user.
Final Word:
Anna-Data , with its powerful backend processing has a good potential to prove very beneficial in
providing a person with personalised advice just like a wise old friend.
We are confident that on further polishing and adding of additional features, Anna-Data could be a
game changer in agriculture related applications available today !
